One day I was crossing the St Paul bridge when my phone started to ring in my pocket. I reached in, grabbed it, and pulling it out hastily, lost control of it completely. Up into the air it went flying, and right over the side of the bridge. Down it went, but instead of a splash, I heard a metallic clank; my phone had landed on the deck of a passing boat. Luckily, one of the crew saw the whole debacle, and after turning the vessel around, he was able to throw my phone back up to me. Needless to say I was grateful. After that incident, I take it slow when removing anything from my pocket, especially my phone.  Back to my day: I rushed home and borrowed my wife's phone to call my own, just to make sure it worked. It did not, so I hopped in the car and off to the phone store. When I got there, the line was out the door. Apparently, there was some sort of sale. After an hour of waiting, I stepped up to the salesman. I explained the situation, and asked if there was a way to repair the damage to my phone. There wasn't, of course, so I started to look at new models. They were all crap, and none of what I needed. I went back home, phoneless, and began an in-depth internet search, which lasted several hours. I  finally found what I wanted: small, primitive and unbrakeable. I have it to this day. It’s not smart, it’s a flip-phone, but I’ve dropped it at least a hundred times, and not once has there been a problem. I’ve dropped it in puddles, but no damage. I can barely text on it, but really all I ever need a phone for is phone calls so it’s worked out beautifully. As I was sitting down at the end of this long day, my eighteen month old daughter was playing happily in the living room when suddenly she stopped, and a strange look came over her. She looked down at something on her hand, and walked over to me. “What’s this, Papa?” She asked as she thrust her finger into my face. Just as her finger hit me lip and accidently entered my mouth I realized what was on it: poop. I now had toddler poop in my mouth. I calmly put her down and proceeded to the sink where the most thorough mouth rinsing and washing of my life began. Water, mouthwash, alcohol, and soap were all used, until finally, I felt like someday I may wish to eat again. Then, of course, it was time to change my daughter’s diaper and entire outfit. After that, it was early bedtime… for everyone. And so ended one of the stranger and more tedious days in recent memory. 
